#Britt Herring
##Assignment 11

1. A system, or desktop, font is typically pre-installed and designed for use with applications such as Word or Photoshop. A web font is a font specially tuned for websites using CSS and the @@font-face declaration. Can be a TrueType, WOFF, EOT, SVG, etc. Each is designed for different browsers. A best practice is to use all four while building a website in order to mitigate compatibility issues. On the other hand, a web-safe font such as Arial, Verdana, Times New Roman, Courier, etc., are "safe" because they are installed by default on just about everything. Each of the font types have their place depending on the application.

2. As previously mentioned, certain fonts may not be supported by particular browsers. These fonts, in particular web font, require a fallback font in case the originally intended font is incompatible. We can stack these fallback fonts one behind each other to further incompatibility-proof our website. Hence the term 'font stack'.

3. This was an incredibly interesting week because I realized that the power of not just words, but how they are presented, is absolutely magnified in web development. It makes sense that given the near-infinite combination of software and devices, there will always be the possibility of compatibility issues. In order to mitigate this issue I found it really interesting to have fallback fonts as there are even web pages which help you identify the best fallback fonts. This concept was very alien yet very logical and I had a fun time analyzing different fonts and the way in which they can present a message (see Times New York vs Courier). My biggest issue for this assignment was expanding my fonts into their own CSS file while properly hooking it back up to the index.html. I was having difficulty with the local path of the Norse and Viking web fonts used, but after moving around some of the files until the HTML preview worked I was able to figure out that when I specify a local URL I have to be to use "../" properly. I also attempted to organize better and I'm really starting to feel comfortable in my own web design code.
