# Britt Herring
## Assignment 10

1. The universal selector is used to style every element on a page. It is best used when you wish to have everything follow the same schematic. The element selector is used to select all elements of a certain type. This is important to use when all elements need the same styling, in particular text. A class selector is used to select class names assigned to HTML elements via class="". This can be very useful when select elements serve the same function. An ID selector is used to select specific element called by its unique ID. This is useful when you want to style a particular element part.

2. My color pallet was based off of popular 1980's styles that I researched. I essentially chose magenta as the background, neon green as the text and border while the fill is a not-so-neon yellow (it hurt my eyes too much). Accordingly, these colors were chosen from color codes which I personally tuned to my liking. The background is ##FFFF00, the text is #00FF00, the border is #00FF00, and the background for the Div (the fill) is #FF33FF. I followed the lesson module's color schematic of using magenta and green while I felt like the other yellow backgrounds matched the tone of the 1980's quite well.

3. The hardest part of this assignment by far was simply coming up with the overall development, or design rather, of the page. It sounds funny but once I can clearly outline a page's design via just drawing it out, the coding isn't that difficult as I have honed my skills from previous homework assignments. I did have a tough time filling div containers with images but it was something I really wanted to learn how to do because ideally I would like to be able to put my own text over the image. This may be something I work on later as I feel it is a bit more of a skill but somehow fitting a layered div may work. I did do some research and it's a sort of a drawback to CSS and requires certain workarounds (not unlike coding haha). Another thing I would like to focus on and something I've been working on is my organization of HTML and CSS. It is getting better, but still needs a bit of work as I look to previous assignments and realize it's kind of difficult to follow my own code.
